---
title: Week 15 
layout: post
author: aayush.mukherjee
permalink: /week-15-yr8/
source-id: 1LwFyEXR0RuEC-TzLjWvLkprwhX1fvWa2h1gT3BprOwo
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Python Week 6</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>21/6/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Continue learning python</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Get as far as I can in codecademy</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson </td>
    <td>Yes, as I worked well</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>In today's lesson we continued with python on codecademy. However in this lesson, our teacher, Mr Keen began to talk to us about giving up on things and just asking for help. It was a conversation which was very useful and gave us un understanding of the harsh reality of giving up. It made me really thing that if I just give up and do what people tell me to do, I won’t get far in life, however if I think about the problem and work things out for myself it will be far more beneficial for me. Then, we continued with python.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>In today’s lesson nothing had limited my learning (I think!). During the lesson I listened to Mr Keen while he was telling us about not giving up and just asking for help and I also contributed to the conversation by giving my point across. After that when we started to learn python I was focused and I got a decent amount of work done.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>For next time I will continue what I did in this lesson, which was staying focused and if we have another conversation potentially contribute to it. However I want to try and get a lot more done next lesson as in this lesson I couldn’t do a huge amount of work as the conversation went on for quite some time. So next time I am especially going to make sure that I knuckle down and get a lot of work done on codecademy.
</td>
  </tr>
</table>


