---
title: Week 6
layout: post
author: aayush.mukherjee
permalink: /week-6-yr8/
source-id: 1yPf5j7PpjcqAmXbCg8iJ2sHfwmKk68KTl1Mz1tB59so
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Fuze Box Lesson 6</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>5/3/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Continuing with fuze Box</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Get onto the next section of the textbook</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson </td>
    <td>No. We have nearly finished the section but we haven't moved on yet.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>In today's lesson we had no problems like last week, we set up straight away and got on with our work. We started to work through the next section which was quite long and had lots of coding, so teamwork was very important throughout the task and coordination so that we don’t get any coding wrong. We worked well as a pair and got through a lot throughout the lesson. The most effective strategy was teamwork as we needed to work well together to make sure that we put in the right code as there was a lot of it, and without teamwork there could have been a high chance of a mistake.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>During the lesson not much had limited my learning, I was working hard and staying on task. Although next time if we were slightly faster it may be better as then we can get through more which will help our learning. The more we get through the better as there will be more new skills to learn and more challenges to face, which will help us to learn. I believe that working in these habits will really help enhance my learning and allow me to gain more knowledge about fuze box.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time to help me improve my learning I will try and work faster as it will improve my learning and we will be able to get onto different things such as the electric components which is a whole new part in fuze box. Overall I am happy with the way I am learning throughout the lessons. I think if I carry on doing what I am doing and just speed up slightly I will really learn a huge amount and get through lots throughout the lesson.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


