---
title: Week 7 
layout: post
author: aayush.mukherjee
permalink: /week-7-yr8/
source-id: 1SsvsU3udSN83Pjgggv06W5YrKuMe2x8OxRry5GxTtkI
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Fuze Box Lesson 7</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>12/3/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Continue with Fuze Box</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Get onto the next section in the textbook</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson </td>
    <td>Yes. My partner and I worked well and managed to get onto the next section.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>In today's lesson my partner and I set up our fuze box straight away and got on with the work. We had 1 and a half sections left to get onto the "flashing lights section" which uses the electrical component kit, so we worked very hard and then managed to get onto the flashing lights section. The strategies that were effective in the lesson were lots of teamwork, as we needed to make sure that we were working together so that we didn’t get anything wrong. Also perseverance was extremely important, as we had a lot to do in little time. However we worked hard and got onto the “flashing lights” section.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Throughout the lesson today, personally I don’t believe that much had limited my learning as my partner and I worked extremely well and got through lots in the lesson. Sometimes we may get a bit distracted by others but generally we were on track with our work. So the habit that I need to work on is try not to get too distracted by others and too just focus on my own work.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time to help improve my learning I will try not to get as distracted by others as I did today. Although I did not get distracted a huge amount, I still did slightly. If I can make sure that I don’t get distracted it will really help improve my learning and I will be able to get through more in the lesson.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


