---
title: Week 11
layout: post
author: aayush.mukherjee
permalink: /week-11-yr8/
source-id: 1NmLbD4djvT2aixfQFjgL9j0SZg5YX3HAnsu4SQHiN6o
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Python Week 2</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>30/4/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Continuing to learn python.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Continue Codecademy and get through a good amount of work.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson </td>
    <td>Yes, I worked well and got through a lot.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>In today's lesson I continued with learning python on codecademy. I logged onto my account and began straight away. This time round I found some of the tasks slightly more challenging than last time, however I thought about what I needed to do and read the instructions which really helped and I managed to solve most of them. There were some which I had to get help, but otherwise I worked well.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Throughout today’s lesson I believe that not much had particularly limited my learning as I worked hard and got a lot done. Although next time I think I should try to not ask for help at all even if I’m stuck. I mention this a lot throughout my blogs but it is one of the habits which I am really trying to work on. Also, not that I didn’t do enough work, I just think if I was slightly more focused I may have gotten more done in the lesson. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>For next time I will make sure that I don’t ask for help even if I am very stuck, but to try and work it out myself instead. If I’m really really stuck and don’t understand it at all  then I think I should ask someone. If I can do this I’m sure it will help improve my learning a lot. Also I am going to try and stay more focused as then I will be able to complete more which will help me get further and my knowledge of python will improve.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


