---
title: Week 8 
layout: post
author: aayush.mukherjee
permalink: /week-8-yr8/
source-id: 1RYspnYOOjdOL_asJeiQR1PEPwkzInpBwWO5dsV2VoL8
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Fuze Box Lesson 8</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>19/3/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Continue with fuze box</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Get onto the next session of the textbook</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson </td>
    <td>No. As my partner and I couldn't complete the section as we had only just started it.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>In the lesson today my partner and I set up very quickly and then got straight to work. This week we were starting the flashing lights section which uses the electrical component kit. We started to read through the text and get on with the first task, however we found it quite tricky so we kept trying but after some time we asked for help. We then found out where our problem was and then we fixed the problem and managed to complete the task. The strategies that were effective for teamwork and determination.
</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Throughout today's lesson I only think one thing had limited my learning, and that was taking too long to film the flashing light. We spent quite some time making sure that the video was right to show the flashing light and I think that was one of the main reasons we were slowed down more throughout the lesson. Next time though, if we take the video quicker it will help us as then we can move onto more.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will make sure that I am quicker with taking my videos of the flashing lights so that in the lesson we can move on to tasks further in the textbook. If we move onto other tasks we will be able to get through more which will allow us to learn more, which will help us in the future. Otherwise I am very pleased with the way that I am working throughout the lessons.</td>
  </tr>
</table>
<iframe src="https://drive.google.com/file/d/0Bz4ial-YqUzcRVRqVVNRZloxdFlqRDlwbzRxY1djcHo3RlZF/preview" width="640" height="480"></iframe>

