---
title: Week 4 
layout: post
author: aayush.mukherjee
permalink: /week-4-yr8/
source-id: 171XZaXAxEf7-Bb34cww8eY6LhLD2egW4svFEQKssuSA
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Fuze Box Lesson 4</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>19/2/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Continue with Fuze Box</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To get to the next section in the textbook.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson </td>
    <td>Yes. As my friend and I managed to move on to the next part.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>During today's lesson my friend and I worked well. We managed to complete the remaining of  one section and move onto the next one, which was our target. We had a problem at the start of the lesson as the computer which we were at wasn’t working it said, "HDMI no signal". We tried to solve the problem, however we couldn’t do we moved onto a different computer. In today’s lesson the strategies that were effective were teamwork and perseverance. As without those strategies we wouldn’t have got through that much during the lesson.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>In today’s lesson I felt that only one thing limited my learning, and that was asking the teacher for help when we couldn’t figure something out. The immediate thought that came to our head was ask the teacher. It isn’t a bad thing to ask for help, but I think we should try and figure out the problem ourselves, as it will help us in the future and it will better for us. This is the habit that I think I need to work on. Otherwise I believe that I am working well throughout I.T.
</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>In the future I will make sure that I try and solve the problem myself and with my partner, rather than immediately thinking of asking the teacher, as if the teacher just tells us what to do we aren’t trying to figure it out ourselves, we are just asking for the answers, but if we work it out ourselves we would feel better. If I can work on this then I believe that my learning will really improve.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


