---
title: Week 1 
layout: post
author: aayush.mukherjee
permalink: /Week-1-Github-Yr8/
source-id: 1zmCFHj-oxFfL2pR3wPOvxoDwHiz9OyLOEcUgmiQDlWI
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Fuze Box</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>15/1/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Start programming and working with our Fuze Box</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To get the Fuze Box running and complete work from the textbook.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes/No. The reason it is yes/no is because we were having difficulty with the fuze box halfway through which meant we had to change Fuze Boxes, which lead to us not getting a huge amount through the textbook.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>In this lesson communication was a very important strategy, and one that worked well, as my partner Henry and I managed to solve problems with good communication. Listening to others is also a very important strategy which I used, The reason why listening is so important is because someone else might have a good idea that we can use, for example today my partner and I listened to each other well so that we could solve any problems or difficulties with our Fuze Box.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I personally believe that we should be a lot more focused with the work as then we might be able to get even further than we want to. I also think that we should read from the Textbook more as then we will have a better understanding of how to work with the Fuze Box instead of trying to get help.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will make sure that I am a lot more focused with my work, so that we can get further, and enhance our learning. Also as I mentioned to read the textbook more so that it is easier for use when we work with the Fuze Boxes, which could also allow us to get further on to more advanced things. I believe that these things will help my learning for next time.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


