---
title: Week 16 
layout: post
author: aayush.mukherjee
permalink: /week-16-yr8/
source-id: 1GHi8yK0T3s0jAPBWqXeZ8XAKk81hrq3y5zYEPihYgqM
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Python Week 7</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>28/6/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Continue learning python</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Get as far as I can on Battleships</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson </td>
    <td>Yes, as I got through a good amount in Battleships</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>In today's lesson we continued learning python and we didn’t have a conversation like we did last lesson. In one way it was good as it allowed me to really get through a lot in Battleships, however I do enjoy the conversations with Mr Keen as they can be very interesting. So I had got onto Battleships and I wanted to get a good amount done as it was fascinating. The strategy that was effective was focus as it meant I could get a lot done.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>During today’s lesson the one thing that had limited my learning was that I kept getting quite distracted by others. I have mentioned this habit before but it is one that I really do need to work on as it can affect my learning a lot. If I can work on this habit I believe I will be able to get a lot further on codecademy which would lead to me learning a lot more about python which would be brilliant.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>For next time I will make sure that I work on my target which is to try not to get distracted by others. This will help improve my learning as it will mean that I would be a lot more focused on the work which then means that I can get more done. 
</td>
  </tr>
</table>


