---
title: Week 3 
layout: post
author: aayush.mukherjee
permalink: /week-3-yr8/
source-id: 1pIDZxqqoTOmL7z7RYKb3pkxON940T-j7tTJZp7wqKNQ
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Fuze Box Lesson 3</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>5/2/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Continue with Fuze Box.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To get on to the next part of the textbook.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson </td>
    <td>Yes. My partner and I worked hard and did get onto the second part of the textbook.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>In today's lesson my partner and I quickly set up and got on with the Fuze Box. We completed some small bits which were left in the last section and then moved on. At first though we had a problem with our coding, it said, "Error on Line 21. Repeat without Loop" However my partner and I solved the problem and cracked on with the next section. We got through lots and I was very happy with our teamwork.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>In this lesson I think there was one thing that limited my learning, and that was asking others for help. Although that is not necessarily a bad thing, if I try and solve the problem first myself and with my partner it would be better and it would help my learning. I believe that is what I need to work on.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time, as I mentioned, I will improve on working out the problem myself and then if I cannot do it I will ask a friend rather than just asking a friend straight away. Otherwise, I am very happy with my work and the progress that I am currently making. I will keeping working hard and making sure that I make lots of progress, throughout each lesson.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


