---
title: Week 10 
layout: post
author: aayush.mukherjee
permalink: /week-10-yr8/
source-id: 1M7-ZbX265-wCdLIRZdI6l8w2-0u5x3oXBOU9Fl13NUo
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Learning Python</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>23/4/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>To begin learning python</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Create a codecademy account and work on python and get as far as possible.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson </td>
    <td>Yes, I worked well and got through a lot in the lesson.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>In today's lesson we began a new topic which was python. We created an account for codecademy and began the course for python. It was very interesting and was great fun, with challenging tasks too. The strategies that were effective throughout the lesson were determination, to keep going even if I got stuck and making sure that I read the instructions given to help me with the task.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Throughout the lesson personally I don’t think that much had limited my learning. I was working hard a got a good amount of work done through the lesson. However, next time I think I should not ask for help on any of the tasks if i’m stuck as I did ask help for one of them. I think that is the habit that I need to work on. If I can work on that it will help enhance my learning.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time to help improve my learning I will make sure I don’t ask for help if I get stuck on a task, as if I do I won’t learn as much, compared to if I didn’t ask for help and figure it out myself. If I figure it out myself it will not only improve my learning but it will also make me feel better, as I was the one who solved the problem. Otherwise I am generally happy with the way that I worked throughout the lesson, and I am happy with how much I got done.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


