---
title: Week 17 
layout: post
author: aayush.mukherjee
permalink: /week-17-yr8/
source-id: 1_Z7n4uoAeTLoKfWJa5o26qBsUhReK3pmtDgGG3iNmDc
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Python Week 8</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>5/7/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Continue learning python</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Get as far as I can on Codecademy </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson </td>
    <td>Yes, as I got through a lot of work</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>In today's lesson we continued learning python and after doing some Codecademy for homework I managed to finish Battleships which was very fun as I even got to play it! I was now onto a section called loops, which I found quite easy and not to challenging, however there were some places where I had to spend a bit longer. The strategies that were effective in the lesson were patience and focus.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>During today’s lesson the one thing that had limited my learning was that I lost focus sometimes throughout the lesson. I believe this is a habit that I should work on as if I do I can get further in learning python which would be very beneficial for me.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>For next lesson I will make sure that I stay focused all the time. It is a habit that I have mentioned before that I need to work on, but for me it is a key habit. I believe that staying far more focused will not only allow me to get further, but it will also allow my peers to stay focused too, as sometimes when I lose focus my friends do too. If I can do this I believe I will be able to learn a lot more about python sooner.


</td>
  </tr>
</table>


