---
title: Week 2 
layout: post
author: aayush.mukherjee
permalink: /week-2-yr8/
source-id: 1q6nlVSAAq8_4UgDbH42c9Ckj2lNWn2-_DpsHwlRlO-E
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Fuze Box Lesson 2</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>22/1/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Continuing with the Fuze box work.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To get through the second section of the textbook.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson </td>
    <td>Yes/No. My partner and I got through the second section, however we were unable to complete the challenge part so we will do that next lesson.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>My partner and I worked well throughout the lesson today, we were focused, we listened to each other and we solved any problems that came our way. We managed to get through the second section, which was great however we could not complete the challenge part, but that is fine, we can do that next lesson. We didn't have the problem of having to change the fuse box which was good, so we managed to get through more. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Not much in today’s lesson limited my learning, I personally believe that I was very focused and that is one of the main reasons why we got through a lot. Maybe next time I think my partner and I need to work on giving more instructions as last time we mainly read from the textbook rather than giving out instructions, but apart from that I think I worked well.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I am going to practice on giving more instructions rather than just reading from the textbook. I will continue being focused, and make sure that we get through lots of work during the lesson. I am also going to not ask for help when I am stuck, but work out the problem myself before asking someone for help, as that will help me later on.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


