---
title: Week 5 
layout: post
author: aayush.mukherjee
permalink: /week-5-yr8/
source-id: 1fhWNPSjHv8h072y8zPeXlPnocs19Raj2BcxKDLOAmx0
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Fuze Box Lesson 5</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>26/2/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Continuing with Fuze Box.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Get onto the next section of the textbook.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson </td>
    <td>Yes, as we worked hard during the lesson.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>In today's lesson we had another problem like last time, however this time the problem was "DVI NO SIGNAL" However instead of like last week when we couldn’t solve the problem this week my new partner (as my actual partner was ill) we solved the problem. The problem was that our computer was in the wrong setting so we had to change it. During the lesson the strategies that were effective were teamwork, to help solve problems and perseverance, to keep going and not give up.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>In today’s lesson, personally I don’t believe that much limited my learning at all. The reason I say this is because I was focused throughout and I didn’t just ask for help I tried to solve the problem myself first. My partner and I also got through a lot of work and we managed to get a good way through the next section which was brilliant. If I continue like this it will be good, as I will get lots of work done and learn a lot along the way. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I am going to keep everything the same as this lesson, as I am very happy with the amount of work that I got through this lesson and the way I worked with my partner. If I carry on doing what I did in this lesson I believe it will really enhance my learning, and it will allow me to build my knowledge about Fuze box.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


