---
title: Week 13 
layout: post
author: aayush.mukherjee
permalink: /week-13-yr8/
source-id: 1B_9j-BD-rjGO7eiltk-eAn25306wNC8kaPDYGbfEe6A
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Python Week 4</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>7/6/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Continue learning python</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Get as far as I can on Codecademy </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson </td>
    <td>Yes, as I was focused which meant I got through a good amount of work.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>In today's lesson we were continuing with learning python on codecademy. I worked well throughout the lesson and got good amount of work done. I was well focused throughout and I made sure that I wasn’t distracting others. There were any strategies that were effective however the best ones were determination as some of the tasks were quite challenging and focus to help get through lots of tasks.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>During today’s lesson only one thing limited my learning and that was that I kept getting frustrated with myself when a task was quite hard. This meant that I was slower on some tasks which meant that I couldn't get as far as I was capable of, although I got through a good amount, it would have been better to get through more. This is the habit that I need to work on as I think it will help me a lot.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>For next time I will make sure I don’t get frustrated with myself. I will try and work through systematically a task that I am finding hard as it will help me and it will probably mean that I will finish the task faster, rather than getting annoyed with myself. If I can do this it will be extremely helpful and my knowledge of python will grow a lot.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


