---
title: Week 9 
layout: post
author: aayush.mukherjee
permalink: /week-9-yr8/
source-id: 11m-ZU_ablquCXx-_PBsp9IxACUbjQO2DnzkcGtMI-9k
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Fuze Box Lesson 9</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>26/3/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Continue with Fuze Box</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Get onto the next section of Fuze</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson </td>
    <td>Yes, My partner and I worked hard throughout the lesson however we managed to complete the section.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>In today's lesson my partner and I got started straight away. We continued with the electrical component kit which we had started last week. We had to look extremely carefully at the images in the textbook so that we made sure we put all the wires in the right place. We made sure that we read the textbook as well to understand what we needed to do. The strategies that were effective throughout the lesson were teamwork and hard work, without </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>In today’s lesson not much had particularly limited my learning. I made sure that I was focused throughout and that we worked hard so that we could get through the textbook. I was very happy with the way that I worked, as if I didn’t work hard my partner and I wouldn’t have been able to get onto the next section. I believe that if I continue the way I am it will be very beneficial for me.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I am going to only change one thing and that will be to try and work slightly quicker. I think if we had worked a little bit harder we could have been able to get further. However I am still happy with the way that we worked and how far we got as we worked well as a pair and learnt a lot along the way. If we work harder it will help improve our learning and we will be able to expand our knowledge about Fuze which will help us.
</td>
  </tr>
</table>


