---
title: Week 14 
layout: post
author: aayush.mukherjee
permalink: /week-14-yr8/
source-id: 1-2WwohG4cV7tHWSd9bvYDSFE_8dGV5Cc_TsKPZ_lR1s
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Python Week 5</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>14/6/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Continue learning python</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Get as far as I can in codecademy</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson </td>
    <td>Yes, I managed to get through a good chunk of work</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>In today's lesson we continued with python. I worked well throughout the lesson, I got through a good amount of work and I made sure I remembered my improvement point for the lesson which was not getting frustrated with myself when I couldn't figure something out. This really helped as it meant I worked it out systematically and eventually got to the answer.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>In today’s lesson I personally don’t believe that much had limited my learning, I believe that what I did was good and I know that what I did was good as I got through a good amount of work. However I think I should be slightly more focused, as some times throughout the lesson I got distracted. If I can work on this habit and I stop getting distracted, it will really help me, and anybody that I am potentially distracting.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>For next lesson I will make sure I still get through a lot of work, but I will especially make sure that I don’t get distracted by little things. If I can make sure I do this it will really help improve my learning and I might even be able to get through more work which will mean I will get further, which will be extremely beneficial for me.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


