---
title: Week 12 
layout: post
author: aayush.mukherjee
permalink: /week-12-yr8/
source-id: 1MEC-aFh4F8ONNOpeulbINRgHbFkFxI_CCAR9FfyOXjQ
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Python Week 3</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>14/5/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Continue learning python.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Get onto the next section on codecademy.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson </td>
    <td>Yes as I managed to complete the section that I was on and then get onto the next section.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>In today's lesson I finished the section that I had started last lesson. Then I moved onto a section called Pyglatin. I learnt lots of new things during the Pyglatin course and I had to use my previous knowledge from the other courses to help me solve the tasks, for example using a string. I did a good amount of tasks on the Pyglatin course and I am going to aim to complete it next lesson. The strategy that was particularly effective was perseverance.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>During today’s lesson not much had limited my learning however, I did start talking quite a bit at one point in the lesson. Next time I don’t want to talk as much as although I got through a good amount in the lesson I could have got through more. Otherwise I generally did well throughout the lesson and I worked hard otherwise. If I can work on this I believe I will do extremely well throughout the lesson and get through more than I did.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>For next time I will make sure I don’t talk as much throughout the lesson, I will stay focused on my work and my work only and make sure I get through a lot in the lesson. If I do work on this it will improve my learning significantly and I will be able to learn a lot more about python and then my knowledge of python will grow a lot.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


